Young Fernando sat in the back of the
church, listening to the pastor speak
about the need for missionaries.
His heart ate as he thought about how he
couldn't travel due to a critical illness.
The pastor then said, you can be a
missionary in your own neighborhood.
This resonated deeply with Fernando.
He decided to start handing out Bibles
and talking to people about Jesus.
On his first day, he went to buy Bibles.
At the counter stood a girl named Sarah,
who seemed enchanting.
Her devotion was evident as she helped
customers with a warm smile.
Every day, Fernando returned to buy more
Bibles, but he lacked the courage to
speak to her.
Days turned into weeks, and one evening,
Sarah came home to find her unbelieving
mother reading a Bible.
It was one that had been gifted by the
young man who always bought Bibles.
Curious, Sarah asked her mother about it.
He seems like a good person, her mother replied.
Shortly after, Sarah's mother decided to
be baptized.
Excited, they went to Fernando's house to
invite him to the ceremony.
However, when Fernando's mother opened
the door, she shared some sad news, my
son passed away this morning.
The word struck like lightning.
But before he died, he said, I know God's
work through me will bring someone to him.
Sarah was devastated, but realized that
Fernando's efforts had indeed touched her
mother's heart.
She understood that even in death,
Fernando had accomplished something significant.
In the end, Fernando's mission continued
through Sarah and her mother.
They spread his message of faith and love
in their community, ensuring that his
spirit lived on through their actions.